pacman-query: add page (#5269)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-query.md

# pacman --query

> Arch Linux package manager utility.
> More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/pacman.8>.

- List installed packages and versions:

`pacman --query`

> - List only the explicitly installed packages and versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List only packages and versions that were explicitly installed:
```

`pacman --query --explicit`

> - Find which package owns a certain file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find which package owns a file:
```

`pacman --query --owns {{filename}}`

- Display information about an installed package:

`pacman --query --info {{package_name}}`

- List files owned by a package:

`pacman --query --list {{package_name}}`

> - List orphan packages (installed as dependency not required by any):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List orphan packages (installed as dependencies but not required by any package):
```
